#177 - Adding Waveshare's Dual Gigabit Ethernet Base Board (#239)
geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices: _boards_cm/waveshare-dual-gigabit-ethernet-base-board.md

---
layout: board
title: "Waveshare's Dual Gigabit Ethernet Base Board for the CM4"
short_description: A CM4 base board with a large number of connection options.
status: production

> picture: "/images/board-waveshare-dual-gigabit-ethernet.jpg"

Reviewer: Note: The image itself needs renaming to `board-waveshare-dual-gigabit-ethernet.jpg`.

Author: Ah, I thought I might have had that happen to one ofthem last night, but I couldn't figure out which one. Thanks for catching it.

github_issue: "https://github.com/geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices/issues/177"
link: https://thepihut.com/products/dual-gigabit-ethernet-base-board-for-raspberry-pi-compute-module-4
videos: []
---

> Looks to have a 2nd Gigabit Ethernet port off an internal USB 3.0 bus (with a Realtek chip for the NIC), similar to the USB 3.0-based approach [Seeed used on their board](https://pipci.jeffgeerling.com/boards_cm/seeed-dual-gig-cm4-routerboard.html). Biggest question is if it can perform well on that 2nd interface. It does have a lot more IO than the other boards, so that could make it a nice platform for DIY routers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This IO Board for the Compute Module 4 has a second Gigabit Ethernet port off an internal USB 3.0 bus, using a Realtek chip for the NIC. This is similar to the USB 3.0-based approach [Seeed used on their board](https://pipci.jeffgeerling.com/boards_cm/seeed-dual-gig-cm4-routerboard.html). With it's wide array of IO, it could make a nice platform for DIY routers.
```
